{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red249\green249\blue249;\red244\green249\blue255;
\red82\green90\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c22745\c23529;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c96471\c98039\c100000;
\cssrgb\c39608\c42745\c47059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.- 
\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data
\f2\b0 :\'a0\'a0how the observations in the sample are collected, and the implications of this data collection method on the scope of inference (generalizability / causality).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 2.- Research questions
\f2\b0 :\'a0Come up with at least three research questions that you want to answer using these data.\'a0\
\
3.- 
\f1\b EDA
\f2\b0 :\'a0Perform exploratory data analysis (EDA) that addresses each of the three research questions you outlined above\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb4 Review criteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 less\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Do you understand the research question?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Is it clear how data can be used to answer this research question as its phrased?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Scope of inference - generalizability: Is the data collection explained clearly? Did the writer correctly identify the population of interest? Did the writer correctly decide whether the findings from this analysis can be generalized to that population, or, if not, a subsection of that population? Is their explanation satisfactory to make this decision? Are potential sources of bias discussed, and if so, is the discussion satisfactory?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Scope of inference - causality: Did the writer identify correctly whether these data can be used to establish causal links between the variables of interest. Is the explanation satisfactory?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Are the research questions well defined and is it clear why they are of interest to the author / audience? Are appropriate numbers of variables used in each research question?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Are appropriate summary statistics calculated, and are they explained/interpreted in context of the data and the research question?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Are appropriate visualizations included, and are they explained/interpreted in context of the data and the research question?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Did the writer address what the findings from the exploratory analysis suggest about the research question?\cb1 \
}